welcome to AT&T how to videos today
we'll show you how to set the security
code for the palm pre plus to enable the
phone security code start from the home
screen and tap launcher note if the
launcher icon isn't visible tap the
gesture area next tap screen and lock
here flick down and tap secure unlock
now tap the desired option the
instructions will depict simple pin as
the selected option here you'll be
prompted to enter the desired pin and
then tap Done re-enter the desired
security code and tap Done device
security has now been enabled to return
to the home screen tap the gesture area
and close the card next we'll show you
how to change the phone security code
start from the home screen and tap
launcher note if the launcher icon isn't
visible tap the gesture area next tap
screen and lock here flick down and tap
change pin note that the available
options may vary depending on previous
selections here you'll be prompted to
enter the current code or pin and then
tap Done note there is no default code
user defined enter the desired security
code or pin and tap Done re-enter the
desired security code or pin and tap
Done now device security has been
changed to return to the home screen tap
the gesture area and close the card if
further assistance is needed feel free
to contact our online business support
team at WWE TV oh is tech if you're
accessing the site for the first time
you'll need to enter your device model
and then click Next thank you for
choosing AT&T